**Official websites use.gov**  
A **.gov** website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

**Secure.gov websites use HTTPS**  
A **lock** ( <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="52" height="64" viewBox="0 0 52 64" role="img" aria-labelledby="banner-lock-description-default" focusable="false"><title id="banner-lock-title-default">Lock</title> <desc id="banner-lock-description-default">Locked padlock icon</desc> <path fill="#000000" fill-rule="evenodd" d="M26 0c10.493 0 19 8.507 19 19v9h3a4 4 0 0 1 4 4v28a4 4 0 0 1-4 4H4a4 4 0 0 1-4-4V32a4 4 0 0 1 4-4h3v-9C7 8.507 15.507 0 26 0zm0 8c-5.979 0-10.843 4.77-10.996 10.712L15 19v9h22v-9c0-6.075-4.925-11-11-11z"></path></svg> ) or **https://** means you’ve safely connected to the.gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

## Stateless Hash-Based Digital Signature Standard

#### Author(s)

National Institute of Standards and Technology

#### Abstract

This standard specifies the stateless hash-based digital signature algorithm (SLH-DSA). Digital signatures are used to detect unauthorized modifications to data and to authenticate the identity of the signatory. In addition, the recipient of signed data can use a digital signature as evidence in demonstrating to a third party that the signature was, in fact, generated by the claimed signatory. This is known as non-repudiation since the signatory cannot easily repudiate the signature at a later time. SLH-DSA is based on SPHINCS <sup>+</sup>, which was selected for standardization as part of the NIST Post-Quantum Cryptography Standardization process.

This standard specifies the stateless hash-based digital signature algorithm (SLH-DSA). Digital signatures are used to detect unauthorized modifications to data and to authenticate the identity of the signatory. In addition, the recipient of signed data can use a digital signature as evidence in... [See full abstract](#pubs-abstract-header)

#### Keywords

computer security; cryptography; digital signatures; Federal Information Processing Standards; hash-based signatures; post-quantum; public-key cryptography

##### Control Families

None selected